[Music]
[Applause]
if you had to eat one animal at the zoo
okay a zoo animal which one would you
choose
if I had to mm-hmm
this is so bad but probably a panda cuz
I love Panda Express I just like I was
looking to my favorite restaurant so if
I had to pick one I would you marry a
woman who wears a shirt that says it's
wine o'clock harder percent you would
yeah absolutely
okay yeah
[Applause]
you're a pilot and where people clap at
the end of the flight can you even hear
that no actually you can so there's no
point there's no reason because we have
we have noise cancelling headphones on
it's a kind of help with all that air
going over the windshield so and we have
that cockpit door which is reinforced
like crazy so yeah it's just pretty much
useless this is a great piece of
information yeah I mean keep doing it
because it makes us feel good knowing
that happened but well you know what
here's the positive reinforcement no
matter how ridiculous cheers of that
Smirnoff Seltzer the answer to all of
life's ridiculous questions Smirnoff
Seltzer is the official Seltzer of The
Bachelor hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and this is
the Internet I made it myself
hit subscribe if you liked it